hey everyone danny webster here for
pocket now and this is the hardware
review of the samsung charge on
verizon's 4g LTE network so let's get to
it so the samsung charge is the second
device available on verizon that's able
to access their 4g LTE network so some
preliminary specs the samsung charge is
running at one gigahertz feed it thanks
to the samsung in trinity hummingbird
processor that we've seen on the galaxy
s client from last year so hopefully
this device is pretty snappy the
dimensions are a 120 nine point eight
millimeters down by sixty seven point
six millimeters across and 11.7
millimeters in depth so a rather thick
device in contrast to how the thinner is
better motto that we've seen with most
smartphones coming out these days we do
have the 4.3 inch super amoled plus
display which is running at wvga
resolution so that's 480 across by 800
down and we also have on the top we have
our front facing 1.3 megapixel camera we
have our headset speakers so if we use
the device connect to our face we can
listen in we have our light sensor and
proximity sensor on the bottom we have
our physical button so these are
actually push buttons we have our menu
our home our back and our search on the
top of the device we have a 3.5
millimeter headphone jack and we also
have an auxiliary speaker our artillery
microphone i should say for noise
cancellation speakerphone so on this
side the device we have our power
standby button we also have their hdmi
port and unfortunately this device did
not come with the micro hdmi cable so i
have to get one of those and test it out
someday on the bottom we have our
primary microphone and we also have this
little tab to remove the battery cover
one thing to know is that the device is
really sharp down here i don't know if
that will appeal to many people but
having it at a point and also feeling
rather sharp it's not too attractive so
on this side we have our USB 2.0 port we
also have a volume rocker
so underneath the battery cover we have
our 4G Stein card slot which is required
for all verizon LTE phones we have the
1600 milliamp hour lithium-ion battery
which verizon states wolves capable of
delivering up to six hundred and sixty
minutes of usage time and around 280
hours of standby time so that's a pretty
good battery it's a large size sixteen
hundred million so let's see here we
have a 32 gigabyte micro SD card and
this device does come with the largest
capacity that's capable of running on
this device and this is a class 2 card
and the built-in rom is around 2
gigabytes of course there's much less
that's accessible because of all the
applications and stuff that's already
put on there so the droid charge is
running android 2.2 point 1 which
probably won't allow you to access the
front-facing video camera during google
talk chat we also have Wi-Fi b/g/n
bluetooth 3.0 a proximity sensor which i
already mentioned of course
accelerometer digital compass and all
the necessary hardware that goes into
the Android devices so this has been in
the hardware tour of the Samsung charge
on Verizon 4G LTE phone and if you like
our videos make sure you give us a
thumbs up and also leave some comments
down below stay tuned for the software
review which was coming up next and in
case you missed it you can check out the
unboxing right about here and thanks for
watching